How is a bubble sort algorithm implemented?
How is a merge sort algorithm implemented?
How do you count the occurrence of a given character in a string?
How do you print the first non-repeated character from a string?
How do you convert a given String into int like the atoi()?
How do you implement a bucket sort algorithm?
How do you implement a counting sort algorithm?
How do you remove duplicates from an array in place?
How do you reverse an array in place in Java?
How are duplicates removed from an array without using any library?
How is a radix sort algorithm implemented?
How do you swap two numbers without using the third variable?
How do you check if two rectangles overlap with each other?
How do you design a vending machine?
How do you find the missing number in a given integer array of 1 to 100?
How do you find the duplicate number on a given integer array?
How do you find duplicate numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates?
Difference between a stable and unstable sorting algorithm? (answer)
How is an iterative quicksort algorithm implemented?
How do you find the largest and smallest number in an unsorted integer array?
How do you reverse a linked list in place?
How to add an element at the middle of the linked list?
How do you sort a linked list in Java?
How do you find all pairs of an integer array whose sum is equal to a given number?
How do you implement an insertion sort algorithm?
How are duplicates removed from a given array in Java?
how to remove the duplicate character from String?
How to find the maximum occurring character in a given String?
How is an integer array sorted in place using the quicksort algorithm?
How do you reverse a given string in place?
How do you print duplicate characters from a string?
How do you check if two strings are anagrams of each other?
How do you find all the permutations of a string?
How can a given string be reversed using recursion?
How do you check if a given string is a palindrome?
How do you find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters?
Given string str, How do you find the longest palindromic substring in str?
How do you check if a string contains only digits?
How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list?
How to merge two sorted linked lists?
How to convert a sorted list to a binary search tree?
How do you find duplicate characters in a given string?
How do you count the number of vowels and consonants in a given string?
How do you reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method?
How do you check if two strings are a rotation of each other?
How to convert a byte array to String?
How do you remove a given character from String?
How do you find the middle element of a singly linked list in one pass?
How do you check if a given linked list contains a cycle? How do you find the starting node of the cycle?
How do you reverse a linked list?
How do you reverse a singly linked list without recursion?
How are duplicate nodes removed in an unsorted linked list?
How do you find the length of a singly linked list?
How do you find the third node from the end in a singly linked list?
How do you find the sum of two linked lists using Stack?
What is the difference between array and linked list? (answer)
How to remove duplicates from a sorted linked list?
How to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins.
Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x.
How to check if a given linked list is a palindrome?
How to remove all elements from a linked list of integers which matches with given value?
How is a binary search tree implemented?
How do you perform preorder traversal in a given binary tree?
How do you traverse a given binary tree in preorder without recursion?
How do you perform an inorder traversal in a given binary tree?
How do you print all nodes of a given binary tree using inorder traversal without recursion?
How do you implement a postorder traversal algorithm?
How do you traverse a binary tree in postorder traversal without recursion?
How are all leaves of a binary search tree printed?
How do you count a number of leaf nodes in a given binary tree?
How do you perform a binary search in a given array?
How to Swap two numbers without using the third variable?
How to check if two rectangles overlap with each other?
How to design a Vending Machine?
How to implement an LRU Cache in your favorite programming language?
How to check if a given number is a Palindrome?
How to check if a given number is an Armstrong number?
How to find all prime factors of a given number?
How to check if a given number is positive or negative in Java?
How to find the largest prime factor of a given integral number?
How to print all prime numbers up to a given number?
How to print Floyd’s triangle?
How to print Pascal’s triangle?
How to calculate the square root of a given number?
How to check if the given number is a prime number?
How to add two numbers without using the plus operator in Java?
How to check if a given number is even/odd without using the Arithmetic operator?
How to print a given Pyramid structure?
How to find the highest repeating world from a given file in Java?
How to reverse a given Integer in Java?
How to convert a decimal number to binary in Java?
How to check if a given year is a leap year in Java?
Can you implement a Binary search Algorithm without recursion?
Difference between a stable and unstable sorting algorithm? (answer)
What is Depth First Search Algorithm for a binary tree?
How is an iterative quicksort algorithm implemented?
How do you implement an insertion sort algorithm?
How is a merge sort algorithm implemented?
What is the difference between Comparison and Non-Comparison Sorting Algorithms? (answer)
How do implement Sieve of Eratosthenes Algorithms for Prime Number?
Positive or Negative number
Even or Odd number
Sum of First N Natural numbers
Sum of N natural numbers
Sum of numbers in a given range
Greatest of two numbers
Greatest of the Three numbers
Leap year or not
Prime number
Prime number within a given range
Sum of digits of a number
Reverse of a number
Palindrome number
Armstrong number
Armstrong number in a given range
Fibonacci Series upto nth term
Find the Nth Term of the Fibonacci Series
Factorial of a number
Power of a number
Factor of a number
Finding Prime Factors of a number
Strong number
Perfect number
Perfect Square
Automorphic number
Harshad number
Abundant number : C| C++ | Java | Python
Friendly pair
Highest Common Factor(HCF)
Lowest Common Multiple (LCM)
Greatest Common Divisor
Binary to Decimal to conversion
Octal to Decimal conversion
Hexadecimal to Decimal conversion
Decimal to Binary conversion
Decimal to Octal Conversion
Decimal to Hexadecimal Conversion
Binary to Octal conversion
Octal to Binary conversion
Quadrants in which a given coordinate lies
Permutations in which n people can occupy r seats in a classroom
Maximum number of handshakes
Addition of two fractions
Replace all 0’s with 1 in a given integer
Can a number be expressed as a sum of two prime numbers
Count possible decoding of a given digit sequence
Calculate the area of a circle
Find the prime numbers between 1 to 100
Calculate the number of digits in an integer
Convert digit/number to words
Counting number of days in a given month of a year
Finding Number of times x digit occurs in a given input
Finding number of integers which has exactly x divisors
Finding Roots of a quadratic equation
Power of a Number
Prime Number
Largest element in an array
Smallest element in an array
Reversing a Number
HCF of two numbers
LCM of two numbers
Program to calculate length of the string using recursion
Print All Permutations of a String
Given an integer N the task is to print the F(N)th term.
Given a list arr of N integers, print sums of all subsets in it
Last non-zero digit in factorial
Given a positive integer N, return the Nth row of pascal’s triangle
Given an integer N representing the number of pairs of parentheses, the task is to generate all combinations of well-formed(balanced) parentheses
Find the Factorial of a number using recursion
Find all possible Palindromic partitions of the given String
Find all the N bit binary numbers having more than or equal 1’s than 0’s
Given a set of positive integers, find all its subsets
Given a string s, remove all its adjacent duplicate characters recursively
Find Largest element in an array
Find Smallest Element in an Array
Find the Smallest and largest element in an array
Find Second Smallest Element in an Array
Calculate the sum of elements in an array
Reverse an Array
Sort first half in ascending order and second half in descending
Sort the elements of an array
Finding the frequency of elements in an array
Sorting elements of an array by frequency
Finding the Longest Palindrome in an Array : C | C++ | Java| Python
Counting Distinct Elements in an Array : C | C++ | Java| Python
Finding Repeating elements in an Array
Finding Non Repeating elements in an Array
Removing Duplicate elements from an array
Finding Minimum scalar product of two vectors
Finding Maximum scalar product of two vectors in an array
Counting the number of even and odd elements in an array
Find all Symmetric pairs in an array
Find maximum product sub-array in a given array
Finding Arrays are disjoint or not
Determine Array is a subset of another array or not
Determine can all numbers of an array be made equal
Finding Minimum sum of absolute difference of given array
Sort an array according to the order defined by another array
Replace each element of the array by its rank in the array
Finding equilibrium index of an array : C | C++ | Java| Python
Rotation of elements of array- left and right : C | C++ | Java| Python
Block swap algorithm for array rotation : C | C++ | Java| Python
Juggling algorithm for array rotation
Finding Circular rotation of an array by K positions
Balanced Parenthesis Problem
Check whether a character is a vowel or consonant
Check whether a character is a alphabet or not
Find the ASCII value of a character
Length of the string without using strlen() function
Toggle each character in a string
Count the number of vowels
Remove the vowels from a String
Check if the given string is Palindrome or not
Print the given string in reverse order
Remove all characters from string except alphabets
Remove spaces from a string
Remove brackets from an algebraic expression
Count the sum of numbers in a string
Capitalize the first and last character of each word of a string
Calculate frequency of characters in a string
Find non-repeating characters in a string
Check if two strings are Anagram or not
Replace a sub-string in a string
Replacing a particular word with another word in a string
Count common sub-sequence in two strings
Check if two strings match where one string contains wildcard characters
Print all permutations of a given string in lexicographically sorted order
Given an array which consists of only 0, 1 and 2. Sort the array without using any algorithm
Find the “Kth” max and min element of an array
Move all the negative elements to one side of the array
Find the Union and Intersection of the two sorted arrays.
Find Largest sum contiguous Subarray
Minimize the maximum difference between heights
Minimum no. of Jumps to reach the end of an array
Find duplicate in an array of N+1 Integers
Merge 2 sorted arrays without using extra space.
Kadane’s Algorithm
Merge Intervals
Count Inversion
Best time to buy and Sell stock
Find all pairs on integer array whose sum is equal to given number
Find if there is any subarray with sum equal to 0
Find factorial of a Large Number
Find common elements In 3 sorted arrays
Rearrange the array in alternating positive and negative items with O(1) extra space
Given an array of size n and a number k, find all elements that appear more than ” n/k ” times.
Maximum profit by buying and selling a share atmost twice
Next Permutation
Find longest consecutive subsequence
Trapping Rain water problem
Chocolate Distribution problem
Smallest Subarray with sum greater than a given value
Three way partitioning of an array around a given value
Minimum no. of operations required to make an array palindrome
Median of 2 sorted arrays of equal size
Median of 2 sorted arrays of different size
Spiral traversal on a Matrix
Search an element in a matrix
Find median in a row wise sorted matrix
Find row with maximum no. of 1’s
Print elements in sorted order using row-column wise sorted matrix
Find a specific pair in matrix
Rotate matrix by 90 degrees
Kth smallest element in a row-column wise sorted matrix
Common elements in all rows of a given matrix